{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green14\blue16;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5882\c6667\c7843;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs88 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Partitioning and Formatting a Disk Drive in Windows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Introduction\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 In this lab, you'll learn how to partition and format a disk drive in Windows. Knowing how to do this is a critical skill to have as an IT Support Specialist. Partitions are important because a file system can't function without one. When you acquire a new disk drive, at least one partition is required in order to be able to write files to the file system. Different partitions can then have different file formats, depending on their purpose. For example, a disk partition that acts as a swap for your main memory may have a different file format than the default user-facing file systems. Partitions, like those used for system recovery, may also have different file formats. This shows you just how important this skill is to every IT Support Specialist out there.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Head's up
\f0\b0 : You'll experience a delay as the labs initially load (particularly for Windows labs). So, please\'a0
\f1\b wait a couple of minutes for the labs to load
\f0\b0 . The grade is calculated when the lab is complete, so be sure to hit "
\f1\b End Lab
\f0\b0 " when you're done!\
\

\f1\b Disclaimer:
\f0\b0  For optimal performance and compatibility, it is recommended to use either 
\f1\b Google Chrome
\f0\b0  or 
\f1\b Mozilla Firefox
\f0\b0  browsers while accessing the labs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 What you'll do\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 You'll learn how to partition a disk drive into one or more partitions. You'll also learn how to format each of those partitions to a different file format. Your main learning objective for this lab is to practice the partitioning and formatting commands you'll find in this lab in the Windows VM.\
}